Add source and versioninfo to exercise config (#1149)
exercism/v3: languages/elm/reference/implementing-a-concept-exercise.md

                |   ├── instructions.md
                |   ├── introduction.md
                |   ├── hints.md

>                 |   ├── source.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                |   ├── source.md (required if there are third-party sources)
```

## Step 4: add .docs/after.md

> Once the student completes the exercise they will be shown this file, which should provide them with a summary of what the exercise aimed to teach. This document can also link to any additional resources that might be interesting to the student in the context of the exercise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the student completes the exercise they will be shown this file, which should provide them with a summary of what the exercise aimed to teach. If the exercise introduced new syntax, syntax samples should be included. This document can also link to any additional resources that might be interesting to the student in the context of the exercise.
```

## Step 11: add .meta/config.json:

> This file contains meta information on the exercise, which currently includes the exercise's contributors, and language version requirements ([example][meta-config-json]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This file contains meta information on the exercise, which currently only includes the exercise's contributors ([example][meta-config-json]).
```

### TODO: link to an elm concept, after the first one is done and available to reference.

> [meta-design]: ../../csharp/exercises/concept/enums-advanced/.meta/design.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[meta-design]: ../../csharp/exercises/concept/flag-enums/.meta/design.md
```

### TODO: link to an elm concept, after the first one is done and available to reference.

> [meta-config-json]: ../../csharp/exercises/concept/enums-advanced/.meta/config.json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[meta-config-json]: ../../csharp/exercises/concept/flag-enums/.meta/config.json
```
